# PUND
 Ferroelectric Setup for creating P-V loops from PUND, use the orriginal PUND waveform and vary voltages 
 similar to how radiant does PUND but automate the consequtive tasks
 Taken from Radiant:
 "The PUND Task is a Measurement Task that performs a standard ferroelectric memory characterization measurement based on a series of five pulses. The initial pulse is used to preset the sample to the Polarization (µC/cm2) state opposite the sign of VMax. No measurement is made as the result of this pulse. The second pulse switches the sign of the polarization and measures the amount of polarization switched. After the measurement, the sample is returned to zero volts and allowed to settle so that all non-Remanent Polarization switching dissipates. After this period, a second measurement is made at 0.0 Volts. The third pulse is a twin of the second, with the same measurements being made. In this case, the sample polarization is not being switched, so that the measured polarization will represent the non-Remanent content of the sample. The fourth and fifth pulses mirror the second and third, switching the sample in the -VMax direction. Both the switching and non-switching measurements are made just as described for pulses two and three. The PUND measurement establishes eight measured parameters, commonly found in the ferroelectric literature. The table shows the characteristics of each of the PUND pulses. The first figure shows the pulse waveform over time. The second figure relates the polarization switching to the application of the pulse voltages." https://download.ferroelectricdevices.com/TaskInstructions/PUND/tasks_-_pund_-_discussion.htm?ms=AA%3D%3D&st=MA%3D%3D&sct=MA%3D%3D&mw=MjQw
 
 need to install keysight IO libraries : www.keysight.com/find/iosuite
 
